### Notes

*   Taxonomy Update - Discussion
    *   BrianMay: Feedback on the new taxonomy. If this is going to be rolled out soon, we might start with models based on this taxonomy. (Models and decisioning based on the new taxonomy are best updated to the new version quickly so as to limit the need to support multiple, potentially conflicting, versions.)
    *   JoshKarlin: There is version support available for the taxonomy (new or the old versions)
    *   DonMarti: Classifier version can change with same taxonomy version, need to check both classifier and taxonomy version? (yes)
    *   BrianM: What does the taxonomy version tells us, if you use a different classifier model? 
    *   JoshKarlin: We need to check the taxonomy and the classifier version
    *   YaoXiao: Currently the taxonomy version is tied to a classifier version. 
    *   Kleber: The topic IDs may change (1, 2 or 3 for example), but it should refer to a taxonomy, and show the appropriate string
    *   BrianMay: Will it be the same number? 
    *   Kleber: We donâ€™t think it will be the same number forever.
    *   JoshKarlin: We will try to keep an ID for a string / topic the same, but it may not be possible. 
    *   BrianMay: Can we keep a taxonomy, and deprecate the topic or add a topic. This will be helpful for the people to  make models. 
    *   JoshKarlin: So, we need a superset of all the topics in a file - and mark what is new  or deprecated, It would also help to keep a separate file on the what is the current taxonomy. 
*   Deprecating support for XHR
    *   No major concerns
*   Update permissions policy
    *   Discussion postponed due to low attendance today. 

### Attendees: please sign yourself in!
1. Brian May (dstillery)
2. Don Marti (Raptive)
3. Leeron Israel (Google Chrome)
4. Alex Cone (Google Privacy Sandbox)
5. Yao Xiao (Google Chrome)
6. Josh Karlin (Google Chrome)
7. Sathish Manickam (Google Chrome)
8. Christine Runnegar (PING co-chair, part meeting)
